welcome back it was neat AKA horses
jordan king j killer from see you here
to represent you i'll show you are more
collection okay you see the chain bring
it back so you know it's me so you knew
this is real she's officially now
everybody talked about this sneak is
nikka dash think it is i got this jordan
this way this all their packages now you
see the big respect respect 23 now right
so they sneak a game is good
gear tight that's what I want
where's your gear at this right here my
friend is a Jordan jacket as you can see
our people don't know about this let me
show you how to see the 23 on the side
you see the little logo you see it's
official look at the little Jordan tag
this official it's official so has one
jacket he goes to to Jackies you're in
my seat is just came out with the
package the reversible jump off see take
it to one side to wear like this however
you want to rock it it's on you see the
little patch right there for the Jordan
one bring the sleeve out it's reversible
see that's two jackets right there it
goes another little warm-up little
jacket right here little small black and
red the favorite colors you see
everything is real so everything got the
little tag right there sufficient black
and red little Jordan warm up now just
right here lot of people buy CDs got the
hoodie see the hoodie Jordan hoodie you
know I let it you got the little Jordan
logo gotta show you by the tag
Mitchell's official the finisher was
wear black and red the white logo in the
back
that's that one what's that for my
little Jordan jacket right here up to
date dudes came out like two three
months ago I'm over 28 seen its official
Air Jordan it's real what's really can
you get Jordan everywhere on it Yuri
Amman in Jordan sign 23 look it goes
another once the hoodie the grain Black
Sea jump off right here who's all colors
ah you've got this one little Jordan
sign on the front you know little sister
tag that right there so Jordan gray
hoodie oh there's you already know what
this is look hasn't even been touched
yet still got the tag on officially new
23 he really know that's the AIDS on you
gotta show you know more about that it
goes this let's go to the hoodie right
there that goes with the eat the bugs
bunny's the purple / 23 a little sign
right there just a hood to hood is blue
on the inside little tags you know
around see the other son here we go we
got the grad hoodie red hoodie true
black jordan son just write him a little
join us on right there yeah I me then
we've got you know soon we got a hat got
the Scully she little Jordan Scully see
little join us on right there that's
that one so you got the black gray and
red Jordan Scully then I got the black
Jordan hat or the little Jordan solo voy
I mean I got this Scully that's the
black grey that's the black and red one
that's the black and grey two different
colors so good from Cutlass and got the
black hat to the Jordan hat to match the
you know the hoodies gotta had to have
semester honey man cracking it if you
ain't got the hoodies to match the heck
no se see there goes that hat right
there
you're mean we wait I got another one
somewhere microphonic go another one
right there i go to flight hat worth the
read air jordan stick is still on it
still looking fresh stick is still on it
stick is still on it stickers still on
it where else can we go to that we got
here here we go now just jump off with
the old black you kind of dingy down the
stick is still on it you know me oh he
go to package the package is here but
the kicks I'm not gonna even show you
that kicks is last ok kicks is last man
you know no I'm not suggesting